yeah this is recap raps we're about to
throw some Disney magic up in here right
now
it's frozen let's go to a magic place
through the Disney Castle
doorway grab the orange or the lights
basically it's Norway everybody's
healthy better and everybody's nice even
though the economy is dependent upon I
suck this part of he has airs related
with different human as adorable redhead
and a mother every mutant its snowmen
and fun times the otter gets knocked out
cold but the pond Flawn else are bad
neural eyes out of the troll pot the
gates keep in check
Elsa put your gloves on lollipop in a
shipwreck years go by in one song the
first time in forever Princess Elsa
comes up a geo autobahns overheads of
hogs and one night they're engaged
what she needs is validated versus says
L now agitated an aggravator she feels
genuine telesco
on the leaves pawns of charge Elsa's off
on a ban cute it's the only thing that
you can do when people don't understand
you is see you like Julie Andrews and
buildup out
she's filled enough
building codes never bothered her anyway
honor in the wilderness get [ __ ] up by
her horse visa hot guys with frost by
editing convenience store they slide up
to the dark by wolves equipment still
not honors and the chemistry keeps
getting stronger between Christophe
Donner they wandered then they find the
cutest Duty all ever see adorable and
huggable and suffering from leprosy
terrors Liam's his pale his heart he
left their every kind of pain and sings
although results dark metaphor for
climate change anyway
to the palace Tinnell doses defiance but
against both God and science she cars up
frost giant and it mixes sorcery on his
heart ghost phone call first off has the
remedy his family you're stoned row
shotgun wedding goes arrived and on his
hair turns all white she needs true love
from a hot guy so obviously that's Hans
right meanwhile at the ice house Elsa
fight for life now gutter enemies dead
to right now coal murder in arrived now
she was shot but it's lights out why
that is when real quick
probably ain't gotta go away on dog tail
in prison cell until she brings this
Hummer back she escaped from the
superpowers cuz I guess nobody thought
in that Chris dog drops on off to be
with Hans the castle it's too long so
pogroms but it turns out Honda's it's
not nice boxer up to three to Dad's ball
he usurps the kingdom to heart-wrenching
moment yet no one's gonna sing standing
Kris have a heart to heart then get him
back down to where he's needed Bob
Briggs in warmth on up and then finally
learns what heat is sealing ice
windows fly push get raging out the
doors Elsa has part time turn one
through her own stolen Hong flies that
otter died and also becomes broken in
sacrifice on turns to ice Hey look at
that she's frozen her true love helps
her defrost and all around the snow
thaws hot legs up the Justice which
arrives before getting cold Cox
Oh log into snow cloud wall christened
on a baked out and Elsa builds an ice
rink and ended on a feed out sea down
we're all just brushes jokes Lake that
was frozen yo this is recap raps let us
know in the comments what you want to
see you soon next and remember family
and true love's are very important
things we'll see you next time
snowball what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this why not check
out either of these other two don't
videos of ours and be sure to hit that
subscribe button to stay up to date on
all the latest warp zone content coming
at you every Tuesday and Thursday
anywho we're gonna make like let it and
go see